Vice President The Vice President’s family affairs have all been dealt with.
Who can bully the vice president now?
You don't have to be a satellite.
Let's go around the deputy chief division.
Our emotional foundation is much better.
Needs to be nurtured. so,
No one in the family asked what he was doing. Do you understand?
Good Vice President, I understand.
You have a sense of crisis. you know,
Xueer is like, knocking you to grab your feet.
Just say that kid is wrong to watch the teaching demonstration.
I won't leave if I stay here
This wallet belongs to that person
It would be nice if I finally win over him.
Don't watch him knock me, right?
Teach me enough to eat my dinner
You and I haven’t eaten it yet
Mrs. Zining returns home to her father-in-law
Let’s not send the wallet over again
Madam, they are probably going to have dinner with Dad.
My father-in-law will take away my wife for his son
I give him a damn
It’s time to eat. Sweet and sweet.
I don't have a penny on me
Someone has eaten the Overlord meal